all right my name is Thomas Wilcock i'll
be presenting or co-presenting long say
a few other people on the dirt box TV
channel anyway less about me today I
will be demoing the rocket atheist IM JM
basically it's an Octavia to introduce
us fuzz to your circuit or sound and
also a slight higher octave I love it
because it's not very black and whites
are you cut you know certain areas it's
more prominent than others and it's very
organic and you have to work with it and
there could be a lot of fun level and
boost levels pretty simple if you've
owned of hell ever before you know what
it's gonna do but basically just check
it out there is volume boost what you
tend to find with this and a lot of
Octavia's is on the lower half you will
have a stronger octave and less fuss and
on the other side more furs and not as
strong as an octave depends on the pedal
this one you can still hear it gear i'll
be using today i have got my cs4
completely standard we all know what
that looks like a quality cables from
through through the pedal into the corn
foot which will be crunchy vintage 50
loaded cab close Mike before we get
started this will be the clean sound
that you will have as a base to go on
but then I'll add the pedal in so single
file no that's really all you need to
know i will be using the horn control
through and through and pickup selector
the old-fashioned way the way you should
do it anyway we're going to start off
with the controls at new and we'll go
from there
ap
you
next example I will be playing in a
lower register and other slightly famous
r if I can kind of get organized owns
down here but you know there's room to
be creative for the last example we are
going to slam that boost up and see how
much gaming get on this pedal start off
clean and then I'll kick in the pedal
Oh
you